capital = 995 # Rangoon

oob = "BRM_1936"
recruit_character = BRM_major_generico
recruit_character = BRM_el_generico
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
}

ENG = {
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BRM
		autonomous_state = autonomy_integrated_puppet
		freedom_level = 0.6
	}
}

set_convoys = 5

set_cosmetic_tag = BRM_british # Gets them the correct starting flag

recruit_character = BRM_acgs
recruit_character = BRM_acr
recruit_character = BRM_stc
recruit_character = BRM_ncm
recruit_character = BRM_democratic_guy
recruit_character = BRM_communist_guy
recruit_character = BRM_coi
recruit_character = BRM_pot
recruit_character = BRM_aa2
recruit_character = BRM_awt
recruit_character = BRM_acas
recruit_character = BRM_mt
recruit_character = BRM_nccr
recruit_character = BRM_ai2
recruit_character = BRM_ncs
recruit_character = BRM_aco2
recruit_character = BRM_acd2
recruit_character = BRM_nt
recruit_character = BRM_ar
recruit_character = BRM_fascist_guy


1939.1.1 = {
	oob = "BRM_1939"
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {

		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
	complete_special_project = {
		project = sp:sp_air_radar
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 72
	fascism = 2
	communism = 14
	neutrality = 12
}

recruit_character = BRM_archibald_cochrane
recruit_character = BRM_ne_win
recruit_character = BRM_ba_maw
recruit_character = BRM_u_nu
recruit_character = BRM_myat_phaya_lat


