capital = 613 # Nanjing

oob = "CHI_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "CHI_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "CHI_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "CHI_1936_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "CHI_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
		}
	}
}

recruit_character = CHI_chiang_kaishek
recruit_character = CHI_hu_shih
recruit_character = CHI_wang_jingwei
recruit_character = GXC_li_zongren
recruit_character = YUN_long_yun
recruit_character = SHX_yan_xishan
#recruit_character = CHI_weng_wenhao
recruit_character = CHI_tu_yuming
recruit_character = CHI_hsueh_yueh
recruit_character = CHI_tai_anlan
recruit_character = CHI_wang_yaowu
recruit_character = CHI_sun_li_jen
recruit_character = CHI_hu_zongnan
recruit_character = CHI_gu_zhutong
recruit_character = CHI_wei_lihuang
recruit_character = CHI_fu_zuoyi
recruit_character = CHI_zhang_xueliang
recruit_character = CHI_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = CHI_zhu_de
recruit_character = CHI_chen_cheng
recruit_character = CHI_bo_yibo
recruit_character = CHI_huang_shen
recruit_character = CHI_chen_jitang
recruit_character = CHI_wang_shuming
recruit_character = CHI_bai_chongxi
recruit_character = CHI_zhou_zhirou
recruit_character = CHI_xiao_yisu
recruit_character = CHI_chen_shaokuan
recruit_character = CHI_xiao_jinguang
recruit_character = CHI_yu_hanmou
recruit_character = CHI_he_yingqin
recruit_character = CHI_gao_zhihang
recruit_character = CHI_h_h_kung
recruit_character = CHI_chen_guofu
recruit_character = CHI_chiang_ching_kuo
recruit_character = CHI_chen_yi
recruit_character = CHI_soong_mei_ling
#recruit_character = CHI_random_prince_of_terror
recruit_character = CHI_lin_sen
recruit_character = CHI_mao_zedong
recruit_character = CHI_kung_hsiang_si
recruit_character = CHI_dai_li
recruit_character = CHI_zhang_qun
recruit_character = CHI_he_yuandang
recruit_character = CHI_liu_shaoqi

recruit_character = CHI_claire_lee_chennault
recruit_character = CHI_kang_sheng
recruit_character = CHI_luo_ruiqing
recruit_character = CHI_t_v_soong
recruit_character = CHI_deng_xiaoping
recruit_character = CHI_kwong_jiang
recruit_character = CHI_alexander_von_falkenhausen
recruit_character = CHI_dmitry_lavrinenko
recruit_character = CHI_micheal_wittman

set_stability = 0.2
set_war_support = 0.5
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	# Extended Technologies
	
	camo = 1
	
	r56_militia_tech = 1
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	basic_train = 1
	r56_militia_tech = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}


	
	add_ideas = {
		free_trade
		CHI_army_corruption_1_LS
		chinese_corrupted_economy
		CHI_warlord_integration_5
		CHI_chinese_illiteracy_3
		CHI_hyper_inflation_1
		#CHI_legends_never_die
	}

save_global_event_target_as = WTT_current_china_leader

set_convoys = 40

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 85
	democratic = 5
	communism = 10
}

add_opinion_modifier = { target = PRC modifier = hostile_status }

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Jianwei Class"			
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = CHI_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hairong Class"					# Hairong protected cruisers and Zhaohe, Yingrui training cruisers
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = CHI_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Haiqi Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = CHI_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ninghai Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = CHI_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}
