capital = 295

oob = "COG_1936"

set_convoys = 5
set_war_support = 0.1
set_stability = 0.30 
set_research_slots = 4

IF = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Gotterdammerung"
	}

	# Recruiting Characters
	#recruit_character = COG_pierre_ryckmans
	#recruit_character = COG_joseph_kasa_vubu
	recruit_character = COG_cyrille_adoula
	recruit_character = COG_justin_kokolo
	recruit_character = COG_louis_bobozo
	#recruit_character = COG_gerard_greindl
	#recruit_character = COG_paul_ermens
	#recruit_character = COG_auguste_gilliaert
	#recruit_character = COG_emile_janssens
	recruit_character = COG_frederic_vandewalle
	recruit_character = COG_joseph_beernaert
	recruit_character = COG_armand_huyghe
	recruit_character = COG_leopold_de_koninck
	recruit_character = COG_charles_tombeur
	recruit_character = COG_fredrik_olsen
	recruit_character = COG_joris_six
	recruit_character = COG_simon_kimbangu
	recruit_character = COG_marcel_maquet
	recruit_character = COG_alexandre_safiannikoff
	recruit_character = COG_robert_de_muelenaere
	recruit_character = COG_patrice_lumumba
	recruit_character = COG_joseph_ileo
	recruit_character = COG_isaac_kalonji
	recruit_character = COG_pedro_vii_alfonso
	recruit_character = COG_mbop_mabiinc_mambeky
	recruit_character = COG_moe_poaty_iii
	recruit_character = COG_cristophe_gbenye
	recruit_character = RWA_yuhi_musinga
	#recruit_character = COG_eugene_jungers
	recruit_character = COG_auguste_tilkens
	recruit_character = BEL_albert_de_vleeschauwer

}

recruit_character = COG_albert_decoster
recruit_character = COG_jean_bolikango
recruit_character = COG_pierre_ryckmans
recruit_character = COG_francois_tolenga
recruit_character = COG_raymond_cloquet
recruit_character = COG_paul_ermens
recruit_character = COG_auguste_edouard_gilliaert
recruit_character = COG_emile_hennequin
recruit_character = COG_n_cools
recruit_character = COG_charles_joseph_haas
recruit_character = COG_robert_mauroy
recruit_character = COG_leopold_dronkers_martens
recruit_character = COG_edmond_van_der_meersch
recruit_character = COG_emile_janssens
recruit_character = COG_jean_colin
recruit_character = COG_pierre_cattier
recruit_character = COG_gerard_greindl
recruit_character = COG_franz_burniaux
recruit_character = COG_nicolas_florine
recruit_character = COG_maurice_sluys
recruit_character = COG_edgar_sengier
recruit_character = COG_jean_beaudinet
recruit_character = COG_leo_petillon
recruit_character = COG_eugene_jungers
recruit_character = COG_generic_1
recruit_character = COG_generic_2
recruit_character = COG_generic_3
recruit_character = COG_joseph_kasa_vubu
recruit_character = COG_m_dutron
recruit_character = COG_m_heynen

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	etax_doctrine = 1

	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	basic_train = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
}
add_ideas = {
	COG_force_publique_conscription
}

add_to_tech_sharing_group = belgium_research

set_cosmetic_tag = COG_BEL

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 10
	fascism = 5
	communism = 2
	neutrality = 83
}
