capital = 461

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1		
	shocktroops = 1
	jngdst_clothes_gw = 1
	desertinfantry_at = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}

recruit_character = MOR_mbarek_bekkai		#advisor, wouldnt load later in list
recruit_character = MOR_mohammed_v
recruit_character = MOR_allal_al_fassi
recruit_character = MOR_leon_sultan
recruit_character = MOR_mekki_naciri
recruit_character = MOR_malika_al_fassi
recruit_character = MOR_mohammed_bouhout
recruit_character = MOR_mbarek_bekkay
recruit_character = MOR_assou_oubasslam
recruit_character = MOR_mohamed_bachir_el_bouhali
recruit_character = MOR_ibn_zaydan
recruit_character = MOR_haddou_lakhal
recruit_character = MOR_navy_chief
recruit_character = MOR_abdellatif_sbihi
recruit_character = MOR_ali_yata 
recruit_character = MOR_thami_el_glaoui
recruit_character = MOR_ahmed_balafrej
recruit_character = MOR_abdelkhaleq_torres
recruit_character = MOR_mohamed_lyazidi
recruit_character = MOR_mohamed_belhassan_wazzani
recruit_character = MOR_abdallah_layachi	#wasnt recruited, presumed accidental